Update web pixel schema (#113)
Shopify/checkout-sheet-kit-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 3.0.3 - August 9, 2024

> - Upgrades dependencies to get updates related to web pixel event schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrades Swift and Android dependencies to `3.0.4`
- Updates Web Pixel schema
```
